
1) Explain REST and RESTful
REST, or REpresentational State Transfer, is an architectural style for providing standards between computer systems on the web, 
making it easier for systems to communicate with each other
An API is RESTful when it respects the REST architecture principle. This architecture principle applies to Web services. 
The main feature of this architecture is that the server part (the API) and the client part communicate without the client 
knowing the structure and content of the information stored on the server

2) Explain the architectural style for the creation of a web API (client server communication, formatting language, etc.)
The client send a request for the server like (https://www.linkedin.com/in/skander-ellouze) the server will communicate with the database server 
then the web server will response with json on xml data and a html page

3) Explain HTTP requests types when used with RESTful web (GET, PUT, POST, etc.)
GET to retrieve resource representation/information only
PUT to update existing resource
POST to create new subordinate resources
DELETE to delete resources

4) Explain the difference between stateless and stateful protocol. Which type of protocol is HTTP ?
Stateless Protocol does not require the server to retain the server information or session details.
Stateful Protocol require server to save the status and session information.
The HTTP protocol is a request/response protocol based on the client/server based architecture

5) Explain the difference between a GET and a POST (like how are sent the parameters)
GET is used to request data from a specified resource, you can send the parameters in the url
POST is used to send data to a server to create a resource, the data sent to the server with POST is stored in the request body of the HTTP request

6) You can’t work out how to solve a coding problem. What do you do to find the answer?
I will try many solutions, debug, try again, try again, ask google and stackoverflow, ask my colleagues